Hi, hi.
Welcome to this new lesson.
For today, we're going to be learning
about I don't, I don't.
So, don't, lo puedes utilizar, puedes
decir I don't, para cuando tú sabes que
no haces algo.
Por ejemplo, I don't sing very well.
No canto muy bien.
I don't sing very well.
Sin cantar very well, muy bien.
Pretty good, pretty good.
Again, I don't sing very well.
Excellent.
Watch this video.
I'm sorry, let me do it again.
No suena bien, ¿verdad?
It doesn't sound well.
No suena bien.
Pretty good, pretty good.
Nice, nice.
So, I don't sing.
Miro los videos, los clips.
I don't sing.
Pretty good, excellent.
So, now, we don't eat pork.
Pork es cerdo, ¿sí?
Carne de cerdo.
Entonces, we don't eat pork.
Nosotros don't eat pork.
Nosotros no comemos cerdo.
We don't eat pork.
Excellent.
Pretty good, pretty good.
We don't eat pork.
Nice, nice, excellent.
Así que ahí estás viendo, por ejemplo,
los judíos.
They don't eat pork.
No comen pork.
Carne de cerdo.
Or, the Lemba tribe.
O, algunos de sus descendientes, como los
Lemba, la tribu de los Lemba, que tampoco
eat pork.
Pretty good, pretty good.
So, this one.
You don't know who I am.
Quiere decir, no sabes quién soy.
Tú no sabes quién soy.
Okay?
So, you don't know who I am.
Excellent.
Pretty good.
Again, you don't know who I am.
Nice, nice.
Watch these clips and listen.
Because you don't know who I am.
I know you don't know who I am, but I
know you.
Has somebody ever told you that?
¿Alguien alguna vez te ha dicho eso?
Write it in the comments below.
Say it in the comments.
You don't know who I am.
Okay?
Let's check out the next one.
It is, he doesn't speak Russian.
He doesn't speak Russian.
Entonces, el no, he doesn't speak Russian.
Speak Russian.
Russian, ruso.
He doesn't speak Russian.
Excellent, excellent.
Again, he doesn't speak Russian.
Nice.
He doesn't speak Russian.
Pretty good, pretty good.
So, today we have learned something
really wonderful.
Remember to use these phrases.
Recuerdo usar estas frases.
For example, I don't.
Por ejemplo, I don't.
When you want to say you don't do something.
Cuando quieres decir que no haces algo.
Okay?
So, that was everything.
And see you.
Bye bye.